what's up guys welcome to my tutorial on
how to mod games via an ftp server an
ftp server the one I'm going to use in
this video is filezilla and server is
going to be called black box so in the
description you will download black box
which is I'll show you what it looks
like it's a package file package files
black box should be is right here so
yours will look like this right here
it'll just download it and install it on
your ps3 then after you install it there
will be an IP address pop up on your
screen I'll show you that real quick
after you install it run it
and then this right here will pop up on
your screen black box ftp server and see
the IP address right there you're going
to need it and so also download in the
description it is called filezilla you
would take this open up filezilla and
then after you install files up
filezilla it's not up there right now
okay you type in the IP address so it is
192 168 4387 that's mine usual be
completely different 2.1 684 43.7 hit
Quick Connect password port that none of
that matters and see response user
anonymous oh let me take that out there
we go see how it'll load and make sure
that's just taking idle put it in
automatically but right here this is how
to mod gains via FTP server and so you
would click on dev hght d0 click on game
and on the side of your disc case there
will be a region whatever game you want
that's the region you click on so say
you wanted to mod black ops this is the
black ops region or this is my black ops
region yours might be different okay
just making that clear so click on
whatever reason you want and say you
have an e boot so you want to put a TV
on so I'll get like a ma daddy boot for
black ops right here
games black ops 1 and multiplayer this
is actually a menu I'm not going to use
ebates actually are you something else
this project optimist so patch em PFF so
you would take this file and you would
drag it here I'll make a backup of mine
real quick just walking so you go into
work oh sorry you have to go to wherever
your follow so if it's not in here going
us are dir then five if it's not this
you would click on English and then if
it should be in here so here's my patent
poff I'm going to make a backup of three
original one which is what you should do
and then take your modded one go to
filezilla and just drag it on there and
hit over right okay and then after it's
done you can go back to your ps3 and
then exit out of black box
sorry about the background noise but you
texted I block out our black box and
then you would put in black ops 2 and
then iron out black ops 2 i'm retarded
you put in black ops 1 and then you load
the game and you will have whatever much
put on there so I hope you liked the
tutorial and peace out guys